Copy edits (#132)
websight-io/docs: docs/docs/developers/development/dialogs/richtext-editor/index.md

## Description

> The Rich Text Editor component provides many features that allow authors to edit text content.  

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The Rich Text Editor dialog field provides many features that allow authors to edit text content.  
```
